Update 09-registries-and-packs.md (#1237)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/09-registries-and-packs.md

# Spectro CLI

> Spectro Cloud Command Line Interface (CLI) is a tool to interact with a Spectro Cloud Pack Registry. You can use the CLI to upload and download Packs. The CLI must authenticate with the pack registry before executing any CLI command. Refer to the  [Spectro Cloud CLI](/registries-and-packs/spectro-cli-reference) reference page for download instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spectro Cloud Command Line Interface (CLI) is a tool to interact with a Spectro Cloud pack registry. You can use the CLI to upload and download packs. The CLI must authenticate with the pack registry before executing any CLI commands. Review the  [Spectro Cloud CLI](/registries-and-packs/spectro-cli-reference) reference page for usage instructions.
```
